docs/content/Deployment/Cloud/Pricing.mdx, before:

---
title: Pricing
permalink: /cloud/pricing
category: Deployment
subCategory: Cube Cloud
menuOrder: 6
---

Cube Cloud pricing is based on consumption of compute power which we measure
using Cube Compute Units. The units are priced based on which subscription plan
you have chosen. Each plan has different features and functionality that you
should review as you think about what is right for your business.

<InfoBox heading="What's a Cube Compute Unit?">

A **Cube Compute Unit** is a way to measure compute power used to run Cube Cloud
infrastructure. The price of a compute unit is determined by the Cube Cloud plan
you're subscribed to.

</InfoBox>

| Node Type                 | Compute Unit per hour |
| ------------------------- | :-------------------: |
| Cube Production Cluster   |          `4`          |
| Cube Development Instance |          `1`          |
| Cube Store Worker         |          `1`          |
| Cube API Instance         |          `1`          |

Cube Cloud has four subscription plans that you can review
[here](https://cube.dev/pricing). The subscription plan you choose will
determine the price per Cube Compute Unit (CCU). Each subscription plan
determines the features, scalability, availability, as well as the speed and
scope of support you may receive for your deployment.

## Starter

The Starter plan starts at a minimum of $99/month and targets low-scale
production that is not business-critical.

It offers a [Production Cluster][ref-cloud-deployment-prod-cluster], the ability
to use third-party packages from the npm registry, AWS and GCP support in select
regions, pre-aggregations of upto 150GB in size, [alerts][ref-cloud-alerts],
auto-suspend controls and a 50,000 queries per day limit.

### Support

The Starter plan includes support via the community Slack channel and in-product
chat support with three questions per week.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 8 business hours |
| P1       | 8 business hours |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Premium

The Premium plan starts at a minimum of $12,000/year, and is designed for basic
small-scale production deployments.

It offers everything in the [Starter plan](#starter) as well as Okta support for
single sign-on, AWS and GCP support in all regions, and unlimited queries.

### Support

The Premium plan includes support via the community Slack channel and unlimited
in-product chat support on weekdays. Cube Cloud provides a 99.95% uptime SLA for
this plan.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 60 minutes       |
| P1       | 4 hours          |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Enterprise

The Enterprise plan starts at a minimum of $20,000/year, and is suitable for
high-scale or mission-critical production deployments with more significant
security and compliance needs.

It offers everything in the [Premium plan](#premium) as well as SAML/LDAP
support for single sign-on, Azure support for all regions, [VPC
peering][ref-cloud-vpc-peering], [logs/metrics export][ref-cloud-log-export],
and [role-based access control][ref-cloud-acl].

### Support

The Enterprise plan offers improved support response times as compared to the
[Premium plan](#premium-support) with the addition of a dedicated CSM. Cube
Cloud provides a 99.99% uptime SLA for this plan.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 30 minutes       |
| P1       | 2 hours          |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Enterprise Premier

The Enterprise Premium plan caters to high-scale, high-availability
mission-critical production deployments with security and compliance needs.

It offers everything in the [Enterprise plan](#enterprise) as well as enabling
the use of [Production Multi-Clusters][ref-cloud-deployment-prod-multicluster],
unlimited pre-aggregation sizes, support for kSQL/Elasticsearch and [custom
domains][ref-cloud-custom-domains].

### Support

The Enterprise Premier plan includes the same
[support plan as the Enterprise plan](#enterprise-support). Cube Cloud provides
a 99.995% uptime SLA for this plan.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 30 minutes       |
| P1       | 2 hours          |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Support Priority Definitions

We prioritize support requests based on their severity, as follows:

- **P0**: The platform is severely impacted or completely shut down. We will
  assign specialists to work continuously to fix the issue, provide ongoing
  updates, and start working on a temporary workaround or fix.

- **P1**: The platform is functioning with limited capabilities or facing
  critical issues preventing a production deployment. We will assign specialists
  to fix the issue, provide ongoing updates, and start working on a temporary
  workaround or fix.

- **P2**: There are issues with workaround solutions or non-critical functions.
  We will use resources during local business hours until the issue is resolved
  or a workaround is in place.

- **P3**: There is a need for clarification in the documentation, or a
  suggestion for product enhancement. We will triage the request, provide
  clarification when possible, and may include a resolution in a future update.

## Payment Terms

Future purchases and upgrades are subject to the pricing that is in effect at
the time of the order. Payments are non-refundable. If your usage of resources
exceeds the balance of CCUs in your account, services may degrade or be
suspended until new CCUs are purchased. You may upgrade your CCUs to a
higher-level subscription plan at any time by paying the difference in per-Cube
Compute Unit pricing, or by asking to convert the price paid for the remaining
CCUs into CCUs for the higher subscription plan at the CCU pricing for that plan
(resulting in a lower number of available CCUs but upgraded to the higher
subscription plan). Future purchases and upgrades are subject to the pricing
that is in effect at the time of the order. No credit is allowed for downgrading
CCUs to a lower subscription plan level.

[ref-cloud-deployment-prod-cluster]:
  /cloud/configuration/deployment-types#production-cluster
[ref-cloud-alerts]: /cloud/workspace/alerts
[ref-cloud-log-export]: /cloud/workspace/logs
[ref-cloud-acl]: /cloud/access-control/
[ref-cloud-deployment-prod-multicluster]:
  /cloud/configuration/deployment-types#production-multi-cluster
[ref-cloud-custom-domains]: /cloud/configuration/custom-domains
[ref-cloud-vpc-peering]: /cloud/configuration/connecting-with-a-vpc

Commit message:

docs(deployment): clarify querying limits

docs/content/Deployment/Cloud/Pricing.mdx, after:

---
title: Pricing
permalink: /cloud/pricing
category: Deployment
subCategory: Cube Cloud
menuOrder: 6
---

Cube Cloud pricing is based on consumption of compute power which we measure
using Cube Compute Units. The units are priced based on which subscription plan
you have chosen. Each plan has different features and functionality that you
should review as you think about what is right for your business.

<InfoBox heading="What's a Cube Compute Unit?">

A **Cube Compute Unit** is a way to measure compute power used to run Cube Cloud
infrastructure. The price of a compute unit is determined by the Cube Cloud plan
you're subscribed to.

</InfoBox>

| Node Type                 | Compute Unit per hour |
| ------------------------- | :-------------------: |
| Cube Production Cluster   |          `4`          |
| Cube Development Instance |          `1`          |
| Cube Store Worker         |          `1`          |
| Cube API Instance         |          `1`          |

Cube Cloud has four subscription plans that you can review
[here](https://cube.dev/pricing). The subscription plan you choose will
determine the price per Cube Compute Unit (CCU). Each subscription plan
determines the features, scalability, availability, as well as the speed and
scope of support you may receive for your deployment.

## Free

The Free plan is designed for development and testing purposes. It is not
intended for production use.

It offers up to two [Development Instances][ref-cloud-deployment-dev-instance],
and up to 1,000 queries per day for each deployment.

### Support

The Free plan offers support via the community Slack channel.

## Starter

The Starter plan starts at a minimum of $99/month and targets low-scale
production that is not business-critical.

It offers a [Production Cluster][ref-cloud-deployment-prod-cluster], the ability
to use third-party packages from the npm registry, AWS and GCP support in select
regions, pre-aggregations of upto 150GB in size, [alerts][ref-cloud-alerts],
auto-suspend controls and a 50,000 queries per day limit for each deployment.

### Support

The Starter plan includes support via the community Slack channel and in-product
chat support with three questions per week.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 8 business hours |
| P1       | 8 business hours |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Premium

The Premium plan starts at a minimum of $12,000/year, and is designed for basic
small-scale production deployments.

It offers everything in the [Starter plan](#starter) as well as Okta support for
single sign-on, AWS and GCP support in all regions, and unlimited queries.

### Support

The Premium plan includes support via the community Slack channel and unlimited
in-product chat support on weekdays. Cube Cloud provides a 99.95% uptime SLA for
this plan.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 60 minutes       |
| P1       | 4 hours          |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Enterprise

The Enterprise plan starts at a minimum of $20,000/year, and is suitable for
high-scale or mission-critical production deployments with more significant
security and compliance needs.

It offers everything in the [Premium plan](#premium) as well as SAML/LDAP
support for single sign-on, Azure support for all regions, [VPC
peering][ref-cloud-vpc-peering], [logs/metrics export][ref-cloud-log-export],
and [role-based access control][ref-cloud-acl].

### Support

The Enterprise plan offers improved support response times as compared to the
[Premium plan](#premium-support) with the addition of a dedicated CSM. Cube
Cloud provides a 99.99% uptime SLA for this plan.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 30 minutes       |
| P1       | 2 hours          |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Enterprise Premier

The Enterprise Premium plan caters to high-scale, high-availability
mission-critical production deployments with security and compliance needs.

It offers everything in the [Enterprise plan](#enterprise) as well as enabling
the use of [Production Multi-Clusters][ref-cloud-deployment-prod-multicluster],
unlimited pre-aggregation sizes, support for kSQL/Elasticsearch and [custom
domains][ref-cloud-custom-domains].

### Support

The Enterprise Premier plan includes the same
[support plan as the Enterprise plan](#enterprise-support). Cube Cloud provides
a 99.995% uptime SLA for this plan.

| Priority | Response Time    |
| -------- | ---------------- |
| P0       | 30 minutes       |
| P1       | 2 hours          |
| P2       | 8 business hours |
| P3       | 2 business days  |

## Support Priority Definitions

We prioritize support requests based on their severity, as follows:

- **P0**: The platform is severely impacted or completely shut down. We will
  assign specialists to work continuously to fix the issue, provide ongoing
  updates, and start working on a temporary workaround or fix.

- **P1**: The platform is functioning with limited capabilities or facing
  critical issues preventing a production deployment. We will assign specialists
  to fix the issue, provide ongoing updates, and start working on a temporary
  workaround or fix.

- **P2**: There are issues with workaround solutions or non-critical functions.
  We will use resources during local business hours until the issue is resolved
  or a workaround is in place.

- **P3**: There is a need for clarification in the documentation, or a
  suggestion for product enhancement. We will triage the request, provide
  clarification when possible, and may include a resolution in a future update.

## Payment Terms

Future purchases and upgrades are subject to the pricing that is in effect at
the time of the order. Payments are non-refundable. If your usage of resources
exceeds the balance of CCUs in your account, services may degrade or be
suspended until new CCUs are purchased. You may upgrade your CCUs to a
higher-level subscription plan at any time by paying the difference in per-Cube
Compute Unit pricing, or by asking to convert the price paid for the remaining
CCUs into CCUs for the higher subscription plan at the CCU pricing for that plan
(resulting in a lower number of available CCUs but upgraded to the higher
subscription plan). Future purchases and upgrades are subject to the pricing
that is in effect at the time of the order. No credit is allowed for downgrading
CCUs to a lower subscription plan level.

[ref-cloud-deployment-prod-cluster]:
  /cloud/configuration/deployment-types#production-cluster
[ref-cloud-alerts]: /cloud/workspace/alerts
[ref-cloud-log-export]: /cloud/workspace/logs
[ref-cloud-acl]: /cloud/access-control/
[ref-cloud-deployment-prod-multicluster]:
  /cloud/configuration/deployment-types#production-multi-cluster
[ref-cloud-custom-domains]: /cloud/configuration/custom-domains
[ref-cloud-vpc-peering]: /cloud/configuration/connecting-with-a-vpc
